hi folks this rain matusa from tech 21
we're gonna be showing you a couple of
our new pedals this is the hot rod plexi
which is based based on a Marshall plexi
head and we also have the hot switch
which boosts it like a modded plexi head
Marshall various controls of course you
have your drives you can get really
ballsy very that the punch will really
kick it through in the mids and stuff
and you have your tone of course on your
good old fashioned everyday level
control for volume so you don't get
kicked out of the bar and convenient
silent foot switches with indicator
lights of course okay and over here this
is my favorite new product called the
fly rig it's very small it weighs 18
ounces so you can throw in the back of
your gig bag and it basically combines
our boost delay pedal and the new plexi
pedal I just showed you over there and
this is the sansamp section which is
based on the California blonde from the
character series so you get a real nice
Fender e sound out of this for your
chords if you like that and you can
overdrive it with the drive control and
get like a fender overdrive sound and
then for your real hot leads balls-out
martially thing you obviously can click
this in and like the plexi pedal we have
the hot switch which basically brings it
into a modded plexi head the delay you
have a tab control so you can tap tempo
obviously on and off both again all all
of them silent foot switching you have
your level your sets of repeats and that
we've designed this so it's like a tape
echo where you get degeneration as the
repeats go on and your time you can set
your time delay now this is drift
control is cool it's like a modulation
so you can get a chorus II type of sound
and the thing is so small and light you
could go throw it your gig bag go to a
gig you can plug it direct into a PA
sound quality is very natural Andrew who
designs
things as a guitar player it's very real
I mean that's a big big big thing the
plexi yeah the plexi pedal dedicated
plexi pedal is basically the same thing
in here we have our boost fuzz boost
overdrive boost assertion and the bass
fuzz for bass obviously gives you
varying degrees of fuzz and overdrive
again a lot of versatility and again you
have a hot switch just to give it that
boost that's where the word boost comes
from and again these are designed for
bass to the lower frequency here's the
boost fuzz we were just talking about
over there and this is a boost chorus
again for bass you can vary your amount
of with this is kind of like a whiff
control so you can change get it tight
to the real no to really give it a lot
of wobble and stuff
so this is basically to get his based on
the character series California blonde
panel we have a little bit of dirt on it
we can clean it up to get that real
then we can drive it you get a nice
offend every type of all-wheel drive
I'll be going the Flexi side
heard this up and wired it here the
delay
again is like a modulation so you get a
chorus II type sound
and again weighs 18 ounces comes with a
universal power supply just throw in
your gig bag and plug it into the back
of it PA if you're hanging out it and I
can get a headphone adapter cord around
a bag away all night